# Disaster-Mapping-through-Tweets
Social media sites are an invaluable resource when it pertains to carrying out in-depth study on people’s behaviour, habits, thoughts, and emotions amid any mortal-impacting crises like natural disasters. Rescue efforts for anyone in need of immediate aid should be one of the foremost concerns during any natural disaster. This study describes a system for evaluating natural disasters that only uses tweets made by users of social media during or after a disaster. We compile live tweets about disasters and create a sentiment classifier to categorise users’ perspectives during emergencies based on their various levels of agony. The analysis of the accumulated tweets yields detailed graphical analyses that show people’ feelings during a disaster, a summary of the disaster event statistics, and the geographic distribution of disasters. This research shows that the analysis of social media data offers a realistic, inexpensive, uncensored, and real-time alternative to standard methodologies for disaster analysis and the perception of the afflicted people towards a natural disaster. The next phase was to acquire the geographical information via these tweets and track the location so that emergency personnel could track down the broadcaster. This research indicates that the analysis of social media data offers a realistic, inexpensive, uncensored, and real-time alternative to standard methodologies for disaster analysis and the perception of the afflicted people towards an unforeseen event.
